and win lose or draw on Saturday they
mean to enjoy every moment what they
call their cap final while
first-division stars spend their time
signing autographs and arranging
lucrative business deals the part-timers
at Thornton town carry on as normal
while Nana builders merchants - at
school taking their a-levels and two
other players working in a glass factory
playing football pays them only 20
pounds a week so they're clearly not in
it for the money yet they've trained
hard and remained loyal to their
struggling club despite a home gate of
only 53 hundred people the now 34 years
after the club was formed they've hit
the big time
no one's been trying harder than Tony
Payne is now in his 17th season with the
P cuts and he recognizes that this match
is a bit different a bit special yeah 17
years too late but special indeed now
what does success like this mean for
Taunton well everything really I mean I
can't walk through the time without
being start now by people wanting to
know about the coaches how we're getting
there etc and it's just bubbled over
even rugby players are enthusiastic
about our success not far from the
club's ground in words with dr2 of the
team is studying hard for their exams
but on Saturday they many of their
classmates will be at Swindon it's a
great feeling really I can't really
explain it but I suppose it helped that
late time so it's going to eat what I
can
how'd all your classmates react to all
this well they'll you know nothing at
all please as well a lot of them are
coming up to watch on Saturday so could
be an extra incentive now here you are
in the middle of a class and yellow
Saturday you'll be playing their fake up
how do you feel about that we come
Saturday we play badly against Corby and
Frank was a bit annoyed with a lot of
players ever gone wrong out attitude
towards gaming so well we just hope we
can improve that performance and I don't
think Swindon will swamp us at all
thanks to the team traveled from North
Devon each Saturday to play for Taunton
woods and Paul Adams spend the week in
the Dartington Glass Works they only
became first team regulars at the
beginning of the season after joining
Taunton from other clubs now they're
local celebrities like the rest of the
squad and looking forward to a taste of
the FA Cup although in Alan's case he's
done it all before the show between the
sides you've done it before which is
amazing because the only funny for a lot
of players that go through their career
without doing it so I suppose rather
fortunate yeah Tommy brace knows all
about the cub he played for the old
Taunton town club back in 1930 when they
two reached the first round proper they
lost six nil to Crystal Palace he thinks
the present team deserved their success
I say this that there's a crowd of
trainers they never give up and fighting
that's what you want it's not something
makes up a lot of ability in it you've
got those chaps out of faith either
Alabama Tony penny got a footballer
you've got their great kid should have
been in professional football you sure
so you're hoping for a really good
result but do you think you can actually
beat them if they play badly we're in
with a chance that you know third
division team if they play well no
contest really but we'll give it 90
minutes you know hard work and if you do
win then one well nice easy draw against
Bristol City at home followed by
Mountain Dew night away with Sudha so
the challenge is down with a club tell
us that coach and ground tickets are on
sale at the torn to ground to Swindon
they were even in the lead for half an
hour but despite the results everyone at
the club enjoyed every moment it was
also of course a big day out for the
Taunton fans as well
who arrived in optimistic mood at the
county ground one unforeseen hitch came
outside the players entrance no that's
not the Taunton team coaches everyone
believed the players traveled as usual
in their own minibus or perhaps to their
surprise they found the autograph
hunters waiting for them and they added
their names to the collection of every
team coming to play Swindon big or small
and it seems you don't have to be a big
club to have your own smart sweaters
well on the pitch at last and team
photographs for the scrapbooks then
savoring the atmosphere a wave to the
fans before getting on with the game how
pretty are playing his first full game
for Swindon soon had the Taunton fans
and players bewildered goalkeeper Norman
Steven saves and veteran Tony Payne
gives away the corner the pritchards
flag kick goes to Charlie Henry but his
shot is deflected for another corner but
it was Taunton who took the lead when
Eddie Ahern cross for Kevin Haines to
score after only 11 minutes a marvelous
moment for Haynes still only 16 and
studying for his a-levels of school thus
women continued to force a series of
corners and Brian Hughes latched on to a
clearance to shoot too close to
Stephen's Taunton went close to adding
to their lead when Haynes sets up a
chance for Hearn shots a yard wide and
that was probably taught his last chance
of a major upset
the goalkeeper Stephens made two
successive saves first from Prichard and
then from Roy Greenwood to keep the
suddenly trapped in the lead it was a
long pass from defender Kenny Strout
would set up the equalizer for Prichard
just two minutes before half-time
Ricardo was signed from Bristol City in
the summer gets his first goal for the
world shaped clown and a minute later
had a second goal to celebrate the
Taunton defense is caught flat-footed as
Prashad moves to the near post to head
in the free kick since women go ahead
2-1 just before half-time
this should have added to that Lee when
Roy Carter broke three but Andy Rowland
scoops the ball over rich Islands that
could have completed a hat-trick but
goalkeeper Stevens was in good form
saving well in fact he didn't put a foot
wrong all afternoon
and it was that man again who prevented
Carter adding a third goal for Swindon
and at the end of the day the Taunton
fans would be satisfied with a 2-1 score
line the players were delighted with the
support they had received throughout the
afternoon
although Tony pain there had hoped for
more after 17 years as a plan with
Taunton so today was back to normal for
every one of the club they were
disappointed with a low gate in Swindon
but they're still two and a half
thousand pounds better off and have no